Doc improvement: Adding some content for Apache Kafka components (#548)
knative/eventing-contrib: kafka/README.md

# Apache Kafka Componentes for Knative

Apache Kafka Components for Knative support the `KafkaChannel` and the `KafkaSource` implementation, which offer ways to integrate Knative with the [Apache Kafka](http://kafka.apache.org/) broker.
topics.

> 

Reviewer: typo remove hanging "topcis."?

> Apache Kafka Componentes for Knative support the `KafkaChannel` and the `KafkaSource` implementation, which offers different ways to integrate Knative with the [Apache Kafka](http://kafka.apache.org/) broker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apache Kafka Components for Knative support the `KafkaChannel` and the `KafkaSource` implementation, which offer ways to integrate Knative with [Apache Kafka](http://kafka.apache.org/) broker.
```
